“I, along with my friend, got down at Sion station and started looking for black and yellow cabs to IMAX Wadala to watch Avengers. But none of the cabs was ready to go. And then came this old man who agreed to take us along. As soon as I got in, I noticed that he was very old, shaky hands, stammering voice. I was really surprised to see how this old Grandpa was driving this black and yellow cab and why was he driving it? I couldn’t hold myself from getting into a conversation with him.

(He first took another unfamiliar road, so I immediately asked.)
Me:” Ji, why are we going this way? Isn’t Wadala the opposite way?”
He: I’m using a shortcut and if you think I should go by the other way, you can tell me.
Me: No, it’s okay.
(after a while…)
Me: “Ji, how old are you?”
He(Grandpa): “Beta (Son), I am 75.”

Me: “Why are you driving at THIS age? Is it because of your passion or compulsion?”
He: “Beta, I don’t have any helping hands. My children are good for nothing. I have to earn my living BUT begging is beyond my attitude. So, you may call it a compulsion but I am doing it for myself.”
(I was like “RESPECT YOU SIR” from inside, mute for a moment.)
Me: “How long have you been in this profession?”
He:”Since last 50 years.”
Kunal(My friend): “So can you see clearly?”
He:”You observe it yourself beta, I am driving smooth and like a gentleman.”
.
.
(All of us laughed at this.)
He:”Thanks to good Lord that unlike many old people of my age, I am physically, mentally, emotionally and spiritually fit. I will continue with my service as long as I live. But I will never beg.”
Kunal:”Where are you originally from?”
He:”I am from Punjab.”
Me:”We both did our engineering from Kurukshetra, so we are quite acquainted with Haryana and Punjab.”

He:”My eldest son, he is in Panipat, doing some business of motor part and earning in crores. But he doesn’t want me. I have a daughter who is married to a rich guy in Delhi and they also have their own business. She doesn’t want me either. My youngest son is an officer in some good bank. He kept me with him for about three months, used to give me Rs. 1500/- as monthly expenses. But the other two didn’t like it and were constantly taunting him about this. I didn’t feel good about it so left them with their lives and came to Mumbai to earn my living.”

(We were speechless…)
Me:”So where is your wife?”
He:”She passed away.”
Me:”So you live alone here?”
He:”Yes beta, I live nearby Parle in a rented room. I pay Rs. 2500 as rent, have my own kitchen and cook my own food. I go home and wash this cloth immediately and wear it tomorrow AGAIN. During the day, I drive. That simply sums up my life here. But I am positive. I don’t count days, I work to make each day fruitful.”
Me:”I really appreciate your enthusiasm. In this country where there are beggars turned to billionaires, you are proudly struggling to earn your life. We are really inspired by your enthusiasm and we respect you for that.”

(He felt good about it and smiled back.)
By then we had reached IMax Wadala and surprisingly the fare was approximately Rs. 10/- less than my usual routes.
I gave him hundred rupees and said,” Sir, please keep the change. Consider it as a small token of respect from us for your honesty and positivity towards life.”
He really felt very happy and said “Thank you beta.”
I then asked him “Can I take a picture of you? I wish to share your thoughts and ideas on the Internet. Your work can inspire many people out there. Also, after seeing you, if any Mumbaikar noticed you on the internet and found you on road driving, they would ALWAYS choose your cab over others.
He,” Ha-ha, sure beta.”

I clicked his picture, shook hands with him and bid farewell. I really felt so glad to have met him.